REFLECTION
- Challenges met and how I overcame them
  - Throughout this entire project, I was always challenged by the fact that I am totally new to the programming language that I was using: Javascript. I had to constantly search up on how to complete the simplest of tasks using Javascript online, so that I could implement it into my code. It was extremely troublesome and there are multiple times when I could not see my mistake in the code. It always takes a long time to finally figure out my mistakes but I eventually managed to solve most of my problems with help from my Dad and the internet. 
  - Another problem I faced was time. This deadline of this project was roughly two weeks. However, during this time, I had to learn a new programming language using tutorials from online while juggling my other commitments. Thus, there was a lot of stress and pressure when the deadline came quickly. I had to sacrifice more and more time each day just so I can stick to the schedule and complete this project by the deadline. Unfortunately, I had to ask for a deadline extenstion of 1 day so I can finalise my write-ups and my final code. 
- Things I am proud of
  - The proudest thing that I have accomplished in this project is most definitely the end product: The typeracer game. It might not be as complete and smooth as other typeracers on the internet, but I am most definitely happy with the fruit of my labour. It is most exciting and satisfying to see something that you have been working on for quite some time to finally come together and actually work. 
  - I am also proud of the new knowledge gained during this project. I got to learn and understand an entire new programming language and also had the experience of creating my own typeracer game using that language, allowing me to get used to coding with Javascript (along with HTML and CSS as well).
- Extentions 
  - One of the aspects of my Typeracer that I most wanted to implement but unfortunately did not have the time, experience and knowledge to implement is the random generating text that the user would type. I had a full text of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone online, and I had wished for my program to randomly select 3 consecutive sentences inside the book to be the text that the player has to type out. Unfortunately, I could not implement it and used a easier method of randomly selecting a text from a few specific texts in an array. Should I have more knowledge on how to randomly select 3 consecutive sentences from a text, I would do it.
  - The second extension I wanted is to accurately calculate the accuracy (ironic right?) of the user’s input for the typeracer game. At the current moment, I used a much easier and cheaper method to solve this problem – the accuracy would show either 100% or ‘not 100%’. However, I did not have enough time to research and learn how to implement this aspect of the typeracer game, and had to quickly innovate for a new solution for the accuracy section of the results of the typeracer.
